Add some notes to Reusing Redis Connections (#1790)
OptimalBits/bull: PATTERNS.md

Reusing Redis Connections
-------------------------

A standard queue requires **3 connections** to the Redis server. In some situations you might want to re-use connections—for example on Heroku where the connection count is restricted. You can do this with the `createClient` option in the `Queue` constructor.

Notes:

> - bclient connections [cannot be re-used](https://github.com/OptimalBits/bull/issues/880), so you should return a new connect each time this is called. These connections will be disconnected/reconnected by bull automatically as part of queue operations and will be disconnected when the queue is closed

Reviewer: A note here, the bclient is not disconnected when the queue closes. See it like this, all connections created outside of Bull are never closed or destroyed by Bull and need to be disconnected manually after closing Bull.

Author: Ah right, I was confused because it does kind of ... disconnect and reconnect all the time.  But after the queue is closed, the connection is left in a "connected" state, so it still has to be closed in a separate step.

> - bclient connections [cannot be re-used](https://github.com/OptimalBits/bull/issues/880), so you should return a new connect each time this is called. These connections will be disconnected/reconnected by bull automatically as part of queue operations and will be disconnected when the queue is closed

Author: ```suggestion
- bclient connections [cannot be re-used](https://github.com/OptimalBits/bull/issues/880), so you should return a new connection each time this is called.
```

> - client and subscriber connections can be shared and will not be closed when the queue is closed.  When you are shutting down the process, first close the queues, then the shared connections (if they are shared).  If you are not sharing client and subscriber connections but using `createClient` to do some custom connection logic, you will need to keep a list of all the connections you created so you can manually close them later when the queue shuts down

Author: ```suggestion
- client and subscriber connections can be shared and will not be closed when the queue is closed.  When you are shutting down the process, first close the queues, then the shared connections (if they are shared).
- if you are not sharing connections but still using `createClient` to do some custom connection logic, you may still need to keep a list of all the connections you created so you can manually close them later when the queue shuts down, if you need a graceful shutdown for your process
```

> - do not set a `keyPrefix` on the connection you create, use bull's built-in prefix feature if you need a key prefix

Reviewer: the built-in prefix is the queue name indeed, maybe some users will get confused if we mention a prefix feature :/

Author: I ran into HUGE issues using a `keyPrefix` in my redis connections, so I was hoping by specifically mentioning NOT to set a keyPrefix here it might help people avoid that.
